Do you want tea?
Let's live together.
Let's stay together.
(Episode 27)
You're waiting a long time to ask me a question.
I was so startled today.
I thought my heart was going to stop.
Why would your heart stop beating?
Why did you cry?
I was faced with a reality I couldn't change.
Good job.
- What do you mean? - You cried.
Crying makes you feel refreshed.
You seem like someone who grew up receiving a lot of love.
Were you surprised when I asked you to live together?
Do you want to live with me?
Yes.
I want to make you happy.
When we first met, you asked me why I didn't have...
a cellphone.
I ran away from my mom.
I thought she wouldn't be able to find me if I didn't have a phone.
But she did.
So I just gave up on abandoning her.
- I'm going to accept her. - Why?
- What? - I ran away from her...
because I didn't want to accept her even when I'm her son.
So why would you try to accept her?
Because I love you.
Don't sacrifice your life just because you love me.
I don't think about it as sacrifice.
The fact that you decided to let my mom in...
means that you've put your life on hold for her.
You're swaying.
I'll hold onto you, so you can sway as much as you want.
When you're trying to save someone who's drowning,
do you know that you need to wait until that person gets exhausted?
Otherwise, you'll both die.
Everything I've tried to suppress until now has all blown up at once.
It all just might get uprooted.
Go in now.
Okay. Good night.
I'll leave after I see you go in.
Everything I've tried to suppress until now has all blown up at once.
It all just might get uprooted.
(Temperature of Love)
I left your lunch appointment open.
Good.
Mr. Park.
I think you should go into Ms. Ji and Director Kim's meeting.
Why?
You think a I'm a pushover?
I'm not saying you are.
Is it wrong to ask you to shoot what's on the script?
Why are you asking me to do that when I don't understand it?
Why don't you understand this?
So the chairman flips a table...
and bosses his wife around with money.
But why does he eat meals with his dog?
I wrote that based on a true story.
Even if it's based on a true story, you should make it believable.
- Jung Woo. - Sir.
What's wrong?
The script doesn't make sense.
Sir. Why are you criticizing my script...
like you've directed some amazing work?
Ms. Ji.
He said he liked my script.
You're the problem.
- Excuse me? - Joon Ha.
Jung Woo, I'm sorry, but I can't do this.
This is unacceptable.
I'm sorry, Ms. Ji. We can't work together.
If I was a star writer, you would've directed it without a word.
Then you should've been a star writer.
What's wrong with him?
I told you.
You and Director Min would make a good team.
If I work with Director Min, I can't air it on SBC now.
I have no time to lose.
More haste, less speed.
Buy me lunch.
Where do you want to eat?
I want to help my friends with financial difficulties.
Do you mind?
No. I love Good Soup too.
(Carrot puree)
Did you make a new puree?
I made it the day before yesterday.
Make it again. It's too old.
Yes, Chef.
Did you check the oyster and bass that came in?
- Yes, Chef. - When?
- Yesterday. - Freshness is important.
- Check again. - Yes, Chef.
These are all wilted.
I told you to discard wilted and yellowed leaves.
Yes. I'll prepare them again.
Table seven, two lunch courses.
- Yes, Chef. - Yes, Chef.
Ms. Ji and Mr. Park are here.
Why do you like Jung Sun's dish?
It's a matter of personal taste.
Then you should just hire a personal cook.
Why do you invest in a restaurant?
It costs too much.
Will you retrieve the investment?
I'm not retrieving it. Chef On...
is buying my share.
I should've come to you, but you came.
I came here for lunch.
I'll meet you on the terrace after lunch.
Do you like it?
Yes, I like it.
Since my investor likes it, I'll go with it.
Did you bring the contract?
I only came here today to have lunch.
I'll get going now.
Don't you have anything to say to me?
I think you have a lot to say to me.
How much money did you lend my mother?
Why did you do that without telling me?
What if I told you?
Then I wouldn't be in more debt.
Wrong.
If I didn't, where would've your mom gone to get the money?
I did you a favor.
Doing me a favor could cause problems for me.
My mom have made troubles with money before,
and I know how to handle it.
I'm upset because I inconvenienced you.
What I hate the most...
is causing inconvenience to people I love.
Come to my office.
Let's draw up a contract for purchasing the investment shares.
Get big fridges.
I was going to. We were thinking the same.
Fridges and kitchen are everything...
to a chef.
I'm glad I started this with you.
The end will be good too.
I like it when the start and the end are the same.
Do I just cut it?
You should cut it diagonally.
Like this?
Why are you still here?
As you see,
I'm reading the news, and seeing Won Joon acting childish.
Sorry. I'm a bit childish.
Aren't you going too far? I know you're going out.
But you can still say hi to me.
I guess it's because you've been too mean to him.
It's nothing compare to how mean you were to me.
I'm leaving.
Don't you think I'm super nice?
You and Won Joon treat me like this,
but I still asked Mr. Park to come here for lunch.
Thanks.
Bye. I'll never come back here again.
But you always come back.
I know you'll come running after me.
What? Are they really not coming out?
Gosh, they're really mean.
This is why you shouldn't be nice to people.
How can they do this to me?
Sous chef.
Yes, Soo Jung?
You can't control love.
You can't stop it, and it can't be stopped.
That's why it's love.
I'm rooting for your love.
Still, you fell for me a little bit. Right?
Yes.
I'll settle for how you fell for me a little.
You should love someone like her, you idiot.
What are you doing?
Mom.
Hi.
There you go.
You're coming to see me often.
You must need a lot of cheering up.
It's so difficult.
Are you having a hard time with work?
No. Loving someone is so difficult.
Are things not going so well with Chef On?
I asked him to live with me, but I got rejected.
I was willing to sacrifice everything for him.
But he told me not to.
I'm upset.
Why are you upset about that?
He seems to have a sense of responsibility and cautiousness.
I actually like him a lot more now.
It's not like he's the only one who knows how to be responsible.
I'm also responsible, and I want to take responsibility...
for this situation.
What kind of situation is that?
It's complicated.
Love isn't about pitying someone.
It starts with pity, gets maintained with responsibility,
and it all comes to an end with guilt.
The results can't be the same for everyone.
Each person goes through different things.
People aren't that different.
But that doesn't mean they're all the same.
You used to analyze and be picky about everything...
when you used to date men in the past.
It's really awkward to see you act like this.
I tried to figure out when I started loving Jung Sun.
I think it started when he asked me out when we first met.
How complicated.
But I wasn't able to recognize my feelings back then.
I should've known back then.
What's wrong with you?
Back in the days, if a guy asked you to meet during your exams,
you refused because you had to study.
You used to be very strict about what to do and what not to do.
Back then, it didn't hurt to be so coldhearted.
So I thought that was what love was.
Get up.
I have lunch plans with your dad.
Why won't he lean on me?
I'm so upset.
My gosh, you're upsetting me.
Is your headache okay now?
Yes, I'm okay now.
Dad's really the only one who looks after you.
By the way,
I'm not sure if I should tell you this or not.
What?
We got a gift from Mr. Park.
It was the day when the articles about the co-writer...
for "Unruly Detectives" came out.
It seems he sent us something to comfort us.
I accepted it because I thought you'd end up dating him.
What should I do?
Should I give it back to him?
I think that could be a bit rude.
Let's think about it.
- Eat up. - You too.
(On Jung Sun)
You've become really impatient.
(Purchase of Investment Equity)
I signed the contract.
Are you sure you won't regret it?
You can't do business based on your emotions.
If you decide to cancel this right now,
I can take you back.
No, I don't do whatever it takes like you.
I'll do things my way.
I don't want to shake your hand...
because I'm being swayed.
I'll also pay back my mom's debt.
Please tell me the exact amount.
[VIU Ver] E27 Temperature of Love "Let's Live Together"
-= Ruo Xi =-
I'm going to accept her as well.
I ran away from her because I didn't want to accept her...
even when I'm her son.
So why would you try to accept her?
Don't sacrifice your life...
just because you love me.
(Jung Sun)
(Lee Hyun Soo)
(Accept)
I thought you weren't going to pick up.
What took you so long to answer?
I'm sorry.
Aren't you curious about me?
I am.
You don't sound so happy to talk to me.
No, I am. Let's talk.
I just called you...
because of how things ended the last time we met.
I'm sorry.
Don't apologize. It makes me feel distant.
Then what should I say?
"Where are you?"
- Where are you? - I'm not going to tell you.
Okay.
Hong Jin.
I can't work with Writer Ji.
Why not?
How can I shoot something I can't understand?
Try to work things out.
Gosh, she's too stubborn. I can't handle her.
My gosh.
I'll work with Hyun Soo. Let me do what I want for a change.
I already failed big time from doing what you told me to do last time.
You talk as if you're proud of that.
Hong Jin, who do you think is going to be working here for longer?
I'll still be working here even after you retire.
I'll treat you well when that day comes.
You little...
- Come over here. - Gosh, stop it.
Good work, everyone.
You too. Rest up, and I'll see you guys next week.
- Okay. - Okay.
Good work. Bye.
I should get going as well.
Soo Jung.
I think Hong Ah has become a habit to me now.
I understand.
But I think you're a really great person...
Then...
do you want to casually see each other for a month?
That might help you come to a decision.
Will that be okay with you?
Yes.
It's always the chase that makes you have butterflies in your stomach.
After a month of that, I'm sure you'll be able to decide.
- Bye, then. - Bye.
Mom.
- Jung Woo, you're home. - I'm home.
- Did you have a good day? - Yes.
My gosh, it's so hard to see your face.
Wash up, and get ready to eat.
Jung Woo.
You're coming here often.
You're becoming weak.
(Satisfactory)
(Number of calories burned)
All by myself
(Life is all about being alone. I like running.)
(I don't need love.)
(All by myself)
I shouldn't stay home at times like this.
(Mr. Park)
This is Park Jung Woo.
Mr. Park, I need to work.
Please schedule a meeting with Director Min.
How's my drama being organized?
Are you doing your job properly?
Calm down.
I'll schedule a meeting with Director Min.
I'm going to hang up now.
My gosh, this psycho.
I told you, right?
I'm out of words.
I told Hyun Soo to come. Let's go have a meeting.
Jung Woo, you can go inside first. I need to go to the bathroom.
Where's Joon Ha?
Hyun Soo's really sick.
I'm going to call 911.
(January, 2017)
Hyun Soo.
I think she got stressed after meeting Director Min...
because she kept eating.
Hyun Soo. Hyun Soo.
We can take my car.
The airing of "Unruly Detectives" might get postponed.
Yi Bok apparently wants to work on another drama.
Then Hyun Soo will have to work with another director.
What do you mean the situation has changed?
You and Joon Ha will be working together like we originally planned.
Okay. Now, where did we leave off?
You weren't slacking off, were you?
I was rereading the script I had written until episode three.
What's Writer Hwangbo doing?
She's probably interviewing the chefs at Good Soup.
Why does she keep going there?
Joon Ha. If you like Kyung,
tell her about how you feel, and treat her nicely.
You said you've loved someone before. But are you sure about that?
You guys are doing it again.
You're making me feel left out.
Let's go eat. I'm hungry.
Jung Woo, buy us meat.
It's too late to eat anything.
There's never a set time to eat.
You're so selfish.
Okay, let's eat.
Were you surprised when I asked you to live together?
Do you want to live with me?
I want to make you happy.
I'm sorry.
Don't apologize. It makes me feel distant.
Hyun Soo is the best there is at cutting meat.
I never forget what I learn.
This reminds me of my days as an assistant writer.
Jung Woo, eat up.
Here, have a drink.
You too.
Jung Woo, please support us all the way.
Let us shoot some scenes abroad,
and invest a lot of money in our drama.
Why would he need to spend that much money on a romantic drama?
We just need to cast good actors and actresses.
Are you a writer or an employee at a production company?
What's your identity?
I'm a writer who wants to save money for the production company.
(Jung Sun)
I'll be right back after I take this call.
It's Jung Sun.
I've seen her for over 10 years,
yet it's so awkward to see her like this.
I guess love does exist.
I thought it didn't, but she makes me think otherwise.
What's gotten into you?
Where are you? I didn't get to ask you this earlier.
You lost the right timing, but I'll still answer you.
I'm on my way to Good Soup.
I'm thinking about taking you with me if you're nearby.
Then I'll go nearby.
We'll know when the drama will get aired in the beginning of next year.
Mr. Park. Joon Ha.
You can go.
Can I really go?
Go.
Thank you. See you guys.
- Pour me one more glass. - Okay.
I want to see your tattoo.
Can I?
Go ahead if you can.
Right now.
How much more do I have to roll this up?
- Here we go. - No!
There it is.
I like this.
What don't you like?
You're right. I like everything.
I'm not going anywhere.
So don't be nervous.
Hyun Soo, congratulations.
You're able to work again.
How did you find out?
Director Kim called me.
Why did he report that to you?
He wasn't reporting anything. He just told me...
because he thought I'd want to know.
Why are you overreacting?
Do you like him?
Hyun Soo. If you make fun of me, I'm going to make fun of you too.
I didn't see it on purpose.
I just looked out the window because the weather was so nice.
I may not be capable of looking inside a car,
but I know how to sense what's going on.
It was rated R.
- Kyung. - Am I wrong?
Was it a lot more intense than that?
- Kyung. - What?
I wonder what's wrong.
What do you mean?
I don't know why I feel so nervous.
When I meet him, I feel relieved and nervous at the same time.
When we're apart, I'm nervous that we'll stay separated forever.
What is this feeling?
It's love.
Hey, come on. I'm not kidding.
I wonder why I feel this way.
(Episode 28 will air shortly.)